Artificer
Masters of invention, artificers use ingenuity and magic to unlock extraordinary capabilities 
in objects. They see magic as a complex system waiting to be decoded and then harnessed in their 
spells and inventions. You can find everything you need to play one of these inventors in the next 
few sections.
Artificers use a variety of tools to channel their arcane power. To cast a spell, an artificer 
might use alchemist's supplies to create a potent elixir, calligrapher's supplies to inscribe a 
sigil of power, or tinker's tools to craft a temporary charm. The magic of artificers is tied to 
their tools and their talents, and few other characters can produce the right tool for a job as 
well as an artificer.

Barbarian
For some, their rage springs from a communion with fierce animal spirits. Others draw from a roiling 
reservoir of anger at a world full of pain. For every barbarian, rage is a power that fuels not just 
a battle frenzy but also uncanny reflexes, resilience, and feats of strength.

Bard
Whether scholar, skald, or scoundrel, a bard weaves magic through words and music to inspire allies, 
demoralize foes, manipulate minds, create illusions, and even heal wounds. The bard is a master of 
song, speech, and the magic they contain.

Cleric
Clerics are intermediaries between the mortal world and the distant planes of the gods. 
As varied as the gods they serve, clerics strive to embody the handiwork of their deities. 
No ordinary priest, a cleric is imbued with divine magic.

Druid
Whether calling on the elemental forces of nature or emulating the creatures of the animal world, 
druids are an embodiment of nature's resilience, cunning, and fury. They claim no mastery over nature, 
but see themselves as extensions of nature's indomitable will.

Fighter
Fighters share an unparalleled mastery with weapons and armor, and a thorough knowledge of the skills
of combat. They are well acquainted with death, both meting it out and staring it defiantly in the 
face.

Monk
Monks are united in their ability to magically harness the energy that flows in their bodies. 
Whether channeled as a striking display of combat prowess or a subtler focus of defensive ability 
and speed, this energy infuses all that a monk does.

Paladin
Whether sworn before a god's altar and the witness of a priest, in a sacred glade before nature 
spirits and fey beings, or in a moment of desperation and grief with the dead as the only witness, 
a paladin's oath is a powerful bond.

Ranger
Far from the bustle of cities and towns, past the hedges that shelter the most distant farms from 
the terrors of the wild, amid the dense-packed trees of trackless forests and across wide and empty 
plains, rangers keep their unending watch.

Rogue
Rogues rely on skill, stealth, and their foes' vulnerabilities to get the upper hand in any situation. 
They have a knack for finding the solution to just about any problem, demonstrating a resourcefulness 
and versatility that is the cornerstone of any successful adventuring party.

Sorcerer
Sorcerers carry a magical birthright conferred upon them by an exotic bloodline, some otherworldly 
influence, or exposure to unknown cosmic forces. No one chooses sorcery; the power chooses the 
sorcerer.

Warlock
Warlocks are seekers of the knowledge that lies hidden in the fabric of the multiverse. Through pacts 
made with mysterious beings of supernatural power, warlocks unlock magical effects both subtle and 
spectacular.

Wizard
Wizards are supreme magic-users, defined and united as a class by the spells they cast. Drawing on 
the subtle weave of magic that permeates the cosmos, wizards cast spells of explosive fire, arcing 
lightning, subtle deception, brute-force mind control, and much more.